[Music]
[Music] [Music
]
[Music]
[Music] He became a monk
at the age of 7, living independently. He
went begging for alms, not spreading his beggar's path
everywhere, following the path of the La Hula. He is the one we
want to live independently, learning to live, loving and
helping grandparents, helping parents, not bringing
friends. Actually, all living beings
[Music]
walked from the age of 7
loving and helping grandparents, helping parents,
helping friends, bustling throughout all living beings.
[Music]
of our learning, so wrong, so wonderful. [Music]
we overcome all living beings. Rahula, you are ours,
let's see together, let's go together. [Music] down is our path. Rahula, you are ours, let's
go together.
[Music]
down is our path.
Rahula, you are ours, let's go together, do
good deeds. The leaves are ours. We
study together, we like to sing, our
son likes to live independently. Every
day we go, without eggs or gifts, so happy, all living beings.
Rahula, you are one. We
study together, we sing together.